the last Super Bowl was played right
here J'son tell me was a classic classic
gave 80,000 people under 18 seconds left
on the clock
so Hubie throws a Hail Mary 166 back on
line
sixty years ago Rose was attacked we won
the war but they destroyed half the
planet everyone's been evacuated nothing
human remains yes we're here for drone
repair with a mop-up crew
this is Jack Harper
I'm good to go
we check and we can finally leave and
join the others don't take any chances
[Music]
I've been watching you jack you're
curious what are you looking for in
those books do they bring back old
memories don't ask too many questions
they are human survivors
they don't stop so they find me they're
looking for the truth
where you'll fire me
you need to not have it
are you telling me who are you
- miss ordering you to stand down do
that
this is the only way